Create ui-c8y-1022-8-3-ui-datapoint-graph-y-axis-label-overlap-axis-lines-fix-and.md (#3563)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/ui-c8y-1022-8-3-ui-datapoint-graph-y-axis-label-overlap-axis-lines-fix-and.md

---
date: ""

> title: UI datapoint graph y axis label overlap axis lines fix and show unit when force merege all dps to a single axis is enabled. (#9597) [GRAFT][release/cd] (#9612)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Fix for the overlapping  y axis label on the data point graph. The unit is now displayed on the y axis label when "force merge all data points to a single axis" is enabled. 
```

> title: Fix for the overlapping  y axis label on the data point graph. The unit is now displayed on the y axis label when "force merge all data points to a single axis" is enabled. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
title: Improved the readability and clarity of the data point graph
```

product_area: Application enablement & solutions
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component-YbYJ3gLU_
    label: Web SDK
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-64140
version: 1022.8.3
---

> In the UI datapoint graph, the y-axis labels could overlap with the axis lines in some cases, making them difficult to read. Additionally, when the "force merge all datapoints to a single axis" option was enabled, the unit was not displayed. This change fixes the y-axis label overlapping issue and ensures that the unit is shown when all datapoints are merged to a single axis, improving the readability and clarity of the datapoint graph.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the data point graph, the y-axis labels could overlap with the axis lines in some cases, making them difficult to read. Additionally, when the **Force merge all datapoints to a single axis** option was enabled, the unit was not displayed. This change fixes both issues. Y-axis labels no longer overlap with the axis lines, and the unit is now displayed properly when all data points are merged to a single axis, improving the readability and clarity of the data point graph.
```
